from for the Navy. I've had lots of different types of work. I I never
just stood in a desk, and I've never been in the plants all day. I've
gotten an opportunity to, um, be up in the stan Shins and fixing
lights painting. I've been in the nuclear reactor room, you know, like,
um, overseeing maintenance that was going on by contractors, Um,
as a senior enlisted adviser And what you grew up in the ranks. Then
you you start to do actual work less and less, and it switches over
toe overseeing work more and more. So, for the most part, I, um, at
least for the neighbor reserves as a senior enlisted adviser, I get
the information from my first class is about, um How the units going
where they're going, Um, how they are on the training. Um, I help
them out with their evils. I tell them what to do. Which chapters to
look at, um, things like that. Um, when I grew up when I was going
through the navy as an electrician's made, I spent a lot of time in
the plants that's picking up a song hammer and way. Don't use saws
and hammers, but way use our volt meters. We use our resistors. We use
our screwdrivers and wrenches opening up panels, Um, checking them,
cleaning them, um, doing preventive maintenance on them, Um, oiling
them up, things like that.